stream: limit unix read/write to 2GB at a time (#1501)
libuv/libuv: docs/src/misc.rst

    `base` and `len` members of the uv_buf_t struct. The user is responsible for
    freeing `base` after the uv_buf_t is done. Return struct passed by value.

   .. warning:: It is discouraged to set `len` to a large value as that may
                result in spurious failures.  Specifically, Windows may fail on
                writes larger than about 511 MB, and various Unicies may fail

>                 on IO larger than about 2 GB. Instead it is generally better to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                on I/O larger than about 2 GB. Instead it is generally better to
```
